hey guys explanation pro is here today
i'll explain a romance drama movie
titled the handmaiden spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
divided into three parts the 2016 film
the handmaiden revolves around the
themes of betrayal friendship abuses
manipulation exploitation and above all
of this the triumph of love the film was
originally adapted from a welsh novel
titled fingersmith but it was changed
from a victorian era britain to 1930s
japanese occupied korea aside from being
a typical love story the hanbian
explicitly shows the effect and thus
the horror of japanese colonialism on
the korean mindset and the disturbing
treatment of women during those times in
turn the two main characters both women
trap in their helpless situations find
liberation and freedom in each other's
company
in the first part of the film a young
korean woman okuju is chosen to be a
handmaiden for a wealthy japanese family
living in a japanese occupied korea
inside the western south manor okuchu
renamed with a japanese name tamako is
briefed by an old lady named sasaki she
tells aktu about her job and the
structure of the house and where she
would sleep which is beside the room of
lady hideko that night akju gets
awakened by lady hidako sudden scream
okju immediately comes over to calm lady
hiroko who has had a nightmare about her
dead on
because of this okju sleeps beside her
the following day bokchu is called to
lady hidiko's room however her fellow
maids pulled the prank on her which is
why she goes to lady hitoka's room with
only one shoe inside lady hideko's room
sasaki officially introduces akdu
astamako tamako in turn gives lady
hideko a recommendation letter from her
former employer after sasaki leaves the
room lady hidako astamako to read the
letter she brought for her because she
gets a headache before every reading
practice at first tamako tries to read
the letter's contents but shyly reveals
that she cannot read surprising lady
hidiko
afterward after being given a pair of
shoes and helping lady hidiko wear her
gloves tamako is left alone at lady
hideko's room telling tamako to fetch
her in the library at noon while lady
hito goes away tamako explores the
various things inside the room during
that rainy afternoon tamako fetches lady
hideko from the library however tamako
is stopped from entering the library by
lady hidiko's strict uncle with lady
hideko closing the gate by pulling a
lever from the inside afterward lady
hideko accompanied by tamako runs her
bathroom to vomit because reading makes
her sick during lunch a maid returns
tomoko's missing shoe the maids then
start whispering to each other about the
coming of the count tamakoton informs
lady hitoko during the bath that the
count is coming to visit
while eating a lollipop given by tamako
lady hideko seems to hurt herself with a
jagged tooth tamako smooth it over by
rubbing an ointment but tamako cannot
help but silently admire lady hitoko's
beauty at such a close distance
later that day the count arrives by a
car the count thanks lady hidako for the
warm welcome and ensures that the
painting session will be fruitful the
count then sees tamako and approaches
her while lady hiroko thanks to count
for introducing tamako the cat who is
tamako's former employer gives her a
coin to leave the room
afterward the cat asks for tamako which
lady hidiko allows in the cat's room the
cat suddenly performs a cartwheel in
front of tamako while tamako scolds her
for giving her a fake coin and throws it
back to him a twist is reveal tamako is
not actually okju but rather a girl
named suki and she is not actually there
as a genuine handmaiden for lady hidiko
but rather as a teeth collaborating with
a cow who is actually a fake and a
swindler during a flashback the plan is
that sookie will persuade lady hiroko to
fall in love with the count to get
married the cat will then steal her
inheritance and put her in a mad house
in japan the count then trains sookie of
the waste to be a good handmaiden
back to the present the count gives
tamako a box to give to lady hideko
which she does upon opening it lady
hidiko is amazed by the blue sapphire
earrings inside of it
after getting dressed and wearing the
earrings lady hideko assisted by tamako
goes to the dining room to meet the
count while going downstairs tamako is
saying in her mind how beautiful lady
hidako is and how she wants to show her
to her family upon seeing lady hidiko
the count suddenly stands up from his
chair and comments how mesmerizing she
looks inside the dining room
after dinner tamako and just a
sleepyhideko but lady hidoko decides to
dress tamako in a lady's attire there
lady hideko comments on how beautiful
tamako's face is the following day the
count teaches lady hideko to paint but
immediately the count stops the session
and signals tamako to proceed with their
plan to seduce lady hideko and so
tamakol leads lady hideko to the forest
nearby shortly after tamako leaves her
excusing herself by saying that she will
pick up mushrooms afterwards the count
arrives later that day tamako witnesses
how the count is touching lady hideko in
her mind tamako knows that the plan is
working well but she somehow cannot
accept this one day the count asked
tamako to bring essential oils for
painting leaving him and lady hidoko
together in the forest tamako hurriedly
gathers the oil and speedily returns to
the force but in her return she sees
lady hideko kissing the cow making
tamako flee from the scene that night as
the lights of the house flecked away
tamako is lying at her lady's bed
twisting with frustration from what
happened lady hideko on the other hand
is at her uncle's library after moving
to her room tamako tells herself that
she will not think of lady hideko but
lady hidiko rings the bell signaling
tamako that she is being summoned at
first tamako ignores it but eventually
approaches lady hideko with apparent
irritability on her face
lady hidiko asked tamako why she is not
there to greet and help her undress
after her reading knowing that she gets
sick after every reading session tamako
tells her that she must have fallen
asleep because of this lady hidiko asks
tamako to sleep beside her for the night
at the bed lady hideko tells tamako that
account proposed to her and wants to
elope to japan she then tells tamako
that she is scared of the count for more
unknown reason asking tamako what the
man wants tamako tells her that a man
wants to kiss a woman after marriage
which tamako demonstrates by kissing
lady hideo on the lips one thing led to
another as both women made love that
night
the next day the count teaches lady
hiddeko to paint again with damaco as
the model while teaching her the cat
touches her in places and lady hideko
tells him to stop tamako hearing this
becomes frustrated the count attempts to
get rid of tamako but tamako refuses
telling him she is by her lady's side
afterward the count and tamako meet up
in a secluded place there the count
tells her that he is close yet tamakor
is foiling his plan reminding her that
she would follow through with the plan
or return to her family empty-handed
that night while massaging lady hitoka's
foot tamako tries to push lady hideko to
fall in love with account lady hidako
tells tamako that she does not need the
count as tamak was the only company she
needs when tamako still insists on
pairing them lady hiraga slaps her twice
and angrily pulls samako outside to her
room the poor tamako cries
afterwards tamakon narrates that lady
hidiko accepted the count's proposal
provided that she goes along as well and
so on that day that lady hideko's uncle
leave the house to go to his mind the
count will then meet with them and elope
with lady hideko that night lady hideko
and tamako gathered their things and
leave the house they go to a lake where
the count appears on a boat there the
three of them make their escape and
eventually leave for japan via ferry
after arriving in japan lady hideko and
the count immediately get married in
what appears to be a worn down temple
that night at an inn lady hidiko and the
count get intimate while tamako sank
softly in the room beside them the next
morning tamako sees blood on lady
hiroko's bed the cow picks the innkeeper
to watch the two while he will disappear
for a while to handle things
tamako fears that the lady might
actually go mad after some time on a
rainy day the count returns with a big
bag full of money
the next day the men from the madhouse
arrive at their residence to ask tamako
about lady hideko they asked tamako what
her treatment should be and tamako tells
them that lady hidoko should be locked
so that she won't be harmed and harm
others afterward the count takes them
out to eat at a restaurant but they are
really going to the mad house upon
arriving there tamako hugs lady hitaco
to bid her farewell lady hideko takes a
step back and the staff of the facility
grabs tamako instead tamako tells them
that they got it wrong but the doctor
tells tamako that she still thinks that
she is a korean handmaiden
in the shocking twist tamako is the one
being incarcerated while the count and
lady hiroko are actually collaborating
with each other the first part of the
story ends here
in the second part of the film we get a
flashback of lady hiroko's childhood in
her uncle's care her uncle violently
punches the young lady hideko for
answering back escorted to her room
sasaki scares lady hideko but lady
hidiko's aunt arrives and eases her
fears lady hiraga's aunt is by her side
even during her reading lessons however
her strict uncle is very authoritarian
in his methods one time after punishing
her in the library lady hidaki's uncle
tell her about mental hospitals in japan
and what they do to patients there the
story scares her aunt who runs away from
the library but sasaki immediately
closes the gate oiling her escape at
another time lady hiliko is criticized
by her uncle for reading too fast as a
response he let lady gideo's aunt read
to teach her the scene transitions to
lady hitaka's aunt gracefully reading
erotic texts in front of patrons it is
revealed that lady hiraga's uncle has
nightly erotic reading sessions where
patreons watched listen and imagine
shortly after her aunt hung herself in a
nearby cherry tree
because of this lady hiroko is not the
one reading these erotic texts for her
uncle's patreons at one of these
readings she sees the count after the
reading session the cat asks the uncle
to stay at the library to copy the
paintings there inside the library the
two men talk about many things and one
of them is about how lady hidiko should
have painting lessons
afterward while they eat at the dining
room a phone call summons the uncle
leaving lady hideko in the count the
count then tells her to meet her at
midnight at midnight the cow tells her
that he is a fake and a swindler
interested only lady hideko's fortune
however the count adds that after seeing
her he decided to save her from that
place
however lady hidiko refuses for fear of
her uncle taking her to the basement it
is revealed here that lady hiraga's aunt
did not hang herself but instead her
uncle murdered her in the basement for
attempting to escape lady hidden decides
to have a handmaiden that can take her
identity to live freely they get rid of
her current height maiden and have
tamako as the replacement
as such everything is revealed to be an
act lady hitoka scream deliberately
leaving tamako in lady hitok's room so
that she will explore it and many more
to count further advice is lady hideko
to play hard to get so that tamako will
unknowingly follow through the plan
however as the plan advances lady hiroko
begins to feel differently for tamako
lady hideko starts to wonder why tamako
looks irritated stomping her feet when
she goes upstairs and staring intently
toward her room at night
after the night that they made love lady
hiraga's feelings for tamako has
solidified which is why she violently
pushes tamako outside her room when
tamako keeps insisting her marriage to
the count unable to take it anymore lady
hitoko takes her from her room and goes
to the cherry tree to hang herself
however she is stopped just in time by
tamako tamako tearfully apologizes to
lady hideko revealing to her the plan of
the count lady hidiko tells her that she
is actually worried about her lady
hittigo reveals that tamar was the one
being fooled all this time and so in
another shocking twist the two decided
to conspire against lady hito's uncle
and the count tamako delivers a letter
to her family telling them that they are
now going against the plan on the night
after her uncle had left lady hideko
showed tamako to the library after
learning about what her uncle is making
her read tamako angrily destroys the
library afterward the two meet with the
count at lake back to the present tamako
is being detained in the madhouse thus
ending the film's second part the third
and final part of the film shows lady
hidden in the count dining in a fine
restaurant the count reveals that he has
feelings for her and is planning to
marry her again in russia tamako's
family successfully rescues her by
causing a fire and dressing up staff
members at the mad house
that night at a love hotel lady hidiko
drops liquid opium in their con's wine
to make him sleep at first the cow does
not drink the wine eventually he drinks
it and falls asleep lady hidiko leaves
the place immediately the following day
lady hideko and tamako happily unite
while the count wakes up naked from his
waist down while two japanese men lady
hiroko's uncle's men watch him
afterward we see tamako now soki fixing
a man's face as he takes a picture the
man is actually lady hidiko dressed up
as a man lady hiroko sends a message to
her uncle of how grateful she is in
zuki's company the uncle reads this
niece's letter in the basement where the
count is tied to a chair he then
tortures the count for letting the two
women escape at the end of the ticket
line sookie changes her ticket to
shanghai china after seeing lady hito's
uncle has been searching for them around
the terminal their destination is
successfully changed at the boat lady
hidiko removes the ring and gloves that
she had always warned are happily thrown
away to the sea by sookie
back at the basement the perverted uncle
asked the count how delightful the love
making is with his knees after only
telling the uncle minor details the
count scolds him for being perverted
afterward he smokes a couple of
blue-collared cigarettes that lets out
blue smoke these are mercury laced thus
killing those who inhale it the uncle
drops to the floor and the gown sniffs
the deadly smoke until he dies the movie
ends with the two women finally finding
their freedom aboard the ship and route
to their new lives as lovers thank you
so much for watching if you enjoyed this
video please hit the like button and
also subscribe to my channel for more
videos like this see you in the next
video